hi and welcome to episode number 141
with watts for charkham the influence of
the French occupation of Vietnam can be
seen in many aspects of Vietnamese
cuisine this escargot dish demonstrates
the traditional manner in which snails
are prepared in Vietnam to start you
will need very lean finely minced pork
rinse the snails thoroughly then chop
them finely
mince the garlic chives the ginger the
chili and the inner stalks of the
lemongrass
take the outer leaves of the lemongrass
and shred these lengthwise in addition
measure out the sesame oil
plus everything except the shredded
lemongrass in a large mixing bowl season
with salt and pepper then mix in salt
totally combined
working with one snail shell at a time
bend a piece of the shredded lemongrass
double and press it into the shell as
far as it will go using your fingers
press some of the filling into the shell
until the shell is full
repeat this until
have enfold transfer the shells to your
steamer leaning them against one another
to keep them as upright as possible put
the lid on the steamer and steam over
rapidly boiling water for 10 minutes
remove the steamer from the heat
transfer the snails to platters and
serve immediately with light soy sauce
spiked with a little finely chopped
chili this recipe is available in full
printable format on our website what's
for Chow calm thanks for joining us
today please subscribe to our Channel
and we'll see you again tomorrow
you